README.md, before:

# what-build

A project created as an excercise to learn some Go for the Greater Good. Idea conceved as a help to
coordinate QA process.

## Installation

Assuming Go installed and $GOPATH/bin is added to $PATH

```
go get github.com/lonelyelk/what-build
```

## Usage

```
  what-build [command]

Available Commands:
  find        find a build of a project
  help        Help about any command
  run         run a build of a project
  version     version of what-build tool

Flags:
  -h, --help   help for what-build
  -v, --version   output version

Use "what-build [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

## Config

When running for the first time, the tool looks for configuration in **~/.what-build.yaml** and uses
it to access AWS Parameter Store and fetch the configuration. It is assumed that the user has AWS
credentials configured. The path to SSM parameter and the region are queried if missing in local config.
The parameter is expected to contain a json string with projects and builds information:

```json
{
    "settings": {
        "per_page": 20,
        "max_offset": 200
    },
    "projects": [
        {
            "name": "proj1",
            "circleci_url": "https://circleci.com/api/v1.1/project/...",
            "circleci_token": "token_for_project",
            "circleci_token_ssm_name": "/nameof/ssm/token_for_project/parameter",
            "github_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/.../pulls",
            "github_token": "token_for_project"
        },
        {
            "name": "proj2",
            "circleci_url": "https://circleci.com/api/v1.1/project/...",
            "circleci_token": "token_for_project",
            "circleci_token_ssm_name": "/nameof/ssm/token_for_project/parameter",
            "github_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/.../pulls",
            "github_token": "token_for_project"
        }
    ],
    "builds": [
        {
            "name": "build1",
            "search_build_parameters": {
                "SOME_ENV": "superprod",
                "SOME_VAR": "true"
            },
            "run_build_parameters": {
                "SOME_ENV": "superprod",
                "SOME_VAR": "true",
                "SOME_ELSE": "a"
            }
        },
        {
            "name": "build2",
            "search_build_parameters": {
                "SOME_ENV": "QA999",
                "SOME_OTHER_VAR": "false"
            },
            "run_build_parameters": {
                "SOME_ENV": "QA999",
                "SOME_OTHER_VAR": "false"
            }
       }
    ]
}
```

## TODO

- [ ] Add options to build parameters to trigger
- [ ] List available things with info
- [ ] Dependencies lock
- [ ] Implement better login-password github authentication
- [ ] Refactor API clients
- [ ] More tests

Commit message:

Add strings-builder related todo

README.md, after:

# what-build

A project created as an excercise to learn some Go for the Greater Good. Idea conceved as a help to
coordinate QA process.

## Installation

Assuming Go installed and $GOPATH/bin is added to $PATH

```
go get github.com/lonelyelk/what-build
```

## Usage

```
  what-build [command]

Available Commands:
  find        find a build of a project
  help        Help about any command
  run         run a build of a project
  version     version of what-build tool

Flags:
  -h, --help   help for what-build
  -v, --version   output version

Use "what-build [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

## Config

When running for the first time, the tool looks for configuration in **~/.what-build.yaml** and uses
it to access AWS Parameter Store and fetch the configuration. It is assumed that the user has AWS
credentials configured. The path to SSM parameter and the region are queried if missing in local config.
The parameter is expected to contain a json string with projects and builds information:

```json
{
    "settings": {
        "per_page": 20,
        "max_offset": 200
    },
    "projects": [
        {
            "name": "proj1",
            "circleci_url": "https://circleci.com/api/v1.1/project/...",
            "circleci_token": "token_for_project",
            "circleci_token_ssm_name": "/nameof/ssm/token_for_project/parameter",
            "github_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/.../pulls",
            "github_token": "token_for_project"
        },
        {
            "name": "proj2",
            "circleci_url": "https://circleci.com/api/v1.1/project/...",
            "circleci_token": "token_for_project",
            "circleci_token_ssm_name": "/nameof/ssm/token_for_project/parameter",
            "github_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/.../pulls",
            "github_token": "token_for_project"
        }
    ],
    "builds": [
        {
            "name": "build1",
            "search_build_parameters": {
                "SOME_ENV": "superprod",
                "SOME_VAR": "true"
            },
            "run_build_parameters": {
                "SOME_ENV": "superprod",
                "SOME_VAR": "true",
                "SOME_ELSE": "a"
            }
        },
        {
            "name": "build2",
            "search_build_parameters": {
                "SOME_ENV": "QA999",
                "SOME_OTHER_VAR": "false"
            },
            "run_build_parameters": {
                "SOME_ENV": "QA999",
                "SOME_OTHER_VAR": "false"
            }
       }
    ]
}
```

## TODO

- [ ] Replace strings.Builder or newer golang version on CI
- [ ] Add options to build parameters to trigger
- [ ] List available things with info
- [ ] Dependencies lock
- [ ] Implement better login-password github authentication
- [ ] Refactor API clients
- [ ] More tests
